680

King Morgan the Generous unites Caerwent and Cardiff leaving them both to the first born male of his line

871

Gwynedd overtakes Powys and Ceredigion

930

England is unified

936

Deheubarth overtakes Ceredigion and the city of Gwys

940

King Riaged of Morgan defeats Baron Caerwen and re-affirms the laws of inheritance in his Kingdom

950

King Owain of Deheubarth defeats King Riaged and takes control of the Brecon Beacons. Riaged dies without a son. To guarrantee his claim on Caerwent (which was established as first son when that no longer exists) his brother, Selyf, is crowned King and marries Riaged's 11 year old daughter Onbrawst.

959

King Selyf's son dies in childbirth. His anger is great. Queen Onbrawst, often considered a lunatic by those close to her, leads a ledgendary march north to unite the Welsh against Deheubarth. 

961

Castles as far north as Mathrafal have pledged themselves to the "Warrior Queen" Onbrawst. War between this Union and Owain begins

965

Failed siege of Cardiff by Owain ends in his death and inheritance fighting among his children.

969

Queen Onbrawst has her husband executed. Her personality among the soldiers and their apparent victory over Deheabarth make her exceedingly populer. Her young son is made King but she remains Queen-regent and rules for the most part.

970

Queen Onbrawst begins demanding tribute from her protected lands and those who fail to pay she attacks. She is the leader of the military and wields command over powerful forces.

980

From the Brecon Beacons to Mathrafal Onbrawst is feared and reverred.

988

Gwyr pays tribute to King Morgan

990

King Caelwulf of England attacks King Morgan at Caerwent. King Morgan appears and surrenders to the King. England has Morgan married to his daughter, and then exhiled to Germany. Morgan's son, Tewdrig, will be raised by the King and inherit his father's lands. Caelwulf's daughter, Aebba, is to remain in Castle Cardiff and administer in his absence.

997

England annexes Gwent but makes young Tewdrig "Duke of Southern Wales" Tewdrig is married to the Countess of Dax who joins England's protection after a civil war in France.

998

Tewdrig and Aebba rather publically kill the Countess of Dax and begin to act as Duke and Duchess

1001

Revolts against the English rule are put out.

1005 

King Wulfhelm begins sending more troops to the lands of Dax.

1010

Gloucster mounts a failed invasion of Powys but is defeated and imprisoned by Wulfhelm who outlaws inter-Ducal warfare and then marches the army east where we capture Ceredigion which he awards me along with Gwent to show the other Duke's his opinion, that wales is an equal Duke to any other.

1017

Tewdrig unifies all of souther Wales after defeating the children of Owain.

1022

King Wulfhelm Captures Pamplona and unifies with the King of Aragon.

1032

King Wulfhelm begins a great push into the heart of Iberia

1035

King Wulfhelm reaches his furthest extent south taking the city of Zamora on the River Duelo.

1038

King Wulfhelm dies and his son Ulf is crowned. The English army is forced to retreat to Leon.

1040

Duke Sulien unites Wales under the Grand-Duchy of Wales. His sister, the Queen of England, helps him to maintain special priviledges under his friend King Ulf

1045

The Kingdom of Scottland is destroyed and King Ulf sets up a client state, Alban, placing Duke Sulien's son on the throne.

1052

King Ulf dies and is succeeded by his son, Tewdrig.

1054

England's position in Iberia is forced back to Navarre. King Tewdrig manages to hold onto the pass between Pamplona and Dax

1058

King Tewdrig passes away and the Council of Lords decide to elect his replacement threatening warfare if they are untrusted. The dukes grew envious of Wales' power and elect Gospatric of Lancaster as King in order to stand up to Wales' and Alban's growing power. This marks the end of the Hereford Dynasty.

1071

King Tewdrig of Alban dies setting up another Scottish Civil War.

1077 

King Gospatric dies and Tintagel of Cornwall is elected.

1078 

As Scottland descends into absolute anarchy Duke Sulien II invades and tries to restore the Kingdom of Alban which should be his birthright.

1080

Duke Sulien II murders a vast amount of Scottish people but ultimately fails to unite or subjugate their people as more Vikings and Norsemen descend from the far North where his armies cannot last.

1090

Sulien the Magnamanious breaks independant of King Tintagel and creates the Kingdom of Brythoniad defeating King Saexbald in his war for independance.



 












