939

12 May

My father died in his sleep last night. Though he was quite old, it still came as a surprise. I was coronated with breakfast as King of Glywysing and Protector of Gwent. I am ambitious, and feel myself worthy over all my petty kinsmen. I ask of God to make me King of Wales in my time!

24 May

My wife, Hedwig, has given birth to my daughter, Onbrawst, my firstborn. I had hoped for a son but this is a blessing nonetheless.

17 June

Upon her return from her religious cleansing Hedwig recieved a vision of angels leading Onbrawst to glory!

11 August

I have sent for a number of young men to be sent to my court from my wife's land of Germany. I expect these young germans to help me to improve the standing of our army and the wealth of our people.

2 October 

I got in fight with some distant relatives of mine (who I never considered dear to me) and had them expelled from our lands

940

18 June

My mother has come to me with a strange proposal. We should endevour to kill the son and daughter of Gwent and then I will be made king there as well. As it stands they are only loyal to me in name, and it's been established that they ought to hold some degree of independance. My mother is wise, and I have decided they will have to die so that I can be Gwent as well.

24 August

I have learned that Gwent seeks to change our succesion laws, he feels that he and I ought to have equal voice in deciding which of us is King. Since I have no son, he will try to have his son named as King or at least heir. What a mess I have inherited.

13 December

I have solved the crisis with decisive action. I ordered Gwent imprisoned and declared myself Lord and Sovereign of Gwent. The people seemed not to mind, as Gwent was known for being a bit of a drunk, and I have promised to keep his children rich. Neither of them suspect any foul play of me and see to accept my rule over them. All done without any bloodshed as well.

942

19 July

My first great act as King is to expand the township of Caewent the castle where once Gwent did reign. By building more elaborate buildings in Caerwent I am showing my dedication to their people and also increasing my own glory.

17 September

A thief was brought before me today and I had him executed on the spot. Many expected me to give him mercy but I have no sympathy for the thieves of this world.

943

18 Nov

My lords have asked me permission to hunt on the Church's lands which I have quickly refused. Their land is their to do with as they please, take it up with the Bishop.

944

30 March

I have begun construction of a great set of walls for our Castle Cardiff!

11 October

I have named my brother Godwyn as our designated regent. Should anything untimely happen to me, he will inherit.

12 November

A group of Hedge Knights graced our castle these past days. It was my honor to provide them with a great feast, and in exchange they told me the most wonderous tales! It was quite costly, nearly one tenth of how much I am paying to build the castle walls, but I felt it was my duty, and all people of the court enjoyed the early holiday celebrations.

19 November

During a tournament one of the Hedge Knights was badly wounded. I paid to have him fixed up and sent them on their way.

945

31 May

I have begun tutoring my daughter.

5 July

My sister has returned from Italy telling terrible stories about being held against her will and wildly escaping. I am quite pleased by her return and upset I cannot avenge her trespasses.

22 September

Recognizing that my daughter will never take the throne I have promised her to the young Duke of Normandy, Richard. I hope this alliance will prove a powerful one.

11 December

I have declined a written narrative of my family and the creation of my more united Gwent and Glywysing some call "Morgan's Kingdom" after my family's name. I have offered to write the tale myself, and many now call me hubmle for such an act. 

946

15 May

My daughter had grown somewhat ambitious which I of course recognized but I had to explain to her, she would never be Queen of my Kingdom. That she is to go to Normandy and be a great Duke there, and live an even better life in most respects, but that her uncle or her cousin would inherit my lands. She seemed to understand but I suspect she was heartbroken.


18 November

My daughter continues to grow more intelligent by the day. It is a shame such an intellect must be wasted within the physical confines of womanly flesh. I see myself in her more than I should like to admit, but understand no woman could rule the Kingdom of Morgan!

947

11 February

For many years I have carried a constant paranoia, an intese fear that someone was out to get me. I suppose this fear came about as a result of my ambition. That I did sieze power in Gwent I feared that some may try to sieze power from me. But since the old Deuheurbath has died and all the old rulers of Gwent remain loyal I have realized that my position is secure. And that if I could defeat the Cynical Owain Deheurbath that I could secure the lands to the west of Brecon.

25 February

I've become quite ill. A terrible fever has plauged me for days!

16 June

Onbrawst asked me why people die, and I tried my best to explain it to her. She's brave and not afraid to die.

9 August

I have ordered my Marshall to prepare for war. The foolish Owain King of Deheurbath has made a mistake. He has tried to tighten his grip over Brecon who resist his attack. I will drive him from the town and thereby will the people fall under my protection, and thus give their annual tributes and levies in need to my crown and kingdom.

2 September 

I lead 1100 men north North into the Brecon Beacons and there came over Owains' camps at night. He was taken by surprise but managed to beat us back killing one of our commanders in the fight. We lost over 300 men to their 100 and have fallen back.

19 November

We have returned to Castle Cardiff for the winter but I hope to resume our attack in the Spring. I only pray that Owain fails to muster more troops.

948

9 March

The Battle of Brycheingiog - We fell upon their host early as the sun came up, our forces mostly evenely matched. I commanded the right flank and allowed my marshall to command the center. He fought shrewdly and pushed Owain back but I watched my own flank collapse before my eyes. I saw my men turn and flee and realized if we were to retreat my Marshall would be exposed. I ran into the fray and bravely smote their commander with my battle axe, inspiring my men who returned and held the flank. We were able to push Owain back who has barricaded himself within the town of Brecon. My soldiers honor me as a great warrior and I command a siege be constructed around the town!

29 March

I have been forced to abandon the siege, we will return with reinforcements in the summer is my plan.

19 June

Owain has rode to Castle Cardiff and laid siege. He is outnumbered and so I have ordered my men to sally forth. In the battle we were able to rout Owain but I was gravely injured. The spear of one of Owain's lords found it's mark and as the enemy fled I fell on the floor. I was found and brought to my castle. I'm alive but in dreadful pain.

4 July

What dreadful news! My brother and designated Regent has died! He too was struck in the battle to defend our castle. Perhaps I should have simply weathered the siege... I am still alive, clining to this mortal life. The soldiers will remain with me at Castle Cardiff, at least for now. I will have my youngest brother made Regent immediately.

13 July

I have written a letter to the Count Ioannes who bested me on the battlefield last month expressing my admiration for his skills and his kindness in sparing my life. Nearly a month after our battle I am lucky to be alive.

15 July

My daughter Onbrawst has been so patiently tending to my wounds since my injury. She is a wonderful daughter.

21 July

I have sent for the commander of the Saxon Band to be hired to lead our soldiers on a renewed attack on Brecon. If I cannot lead my men I must ensure a capable man will, and our invasions cannot wait until I am healed.

2 August

I have sent the army back to Brecon with the orders to hold the town.

31 August

The men have returned and report that Brecon has closed their doors and offered siege but my new commander, Aefweard, assured me he would need more men to outlast them. We will spend the summer training new soldiers, perhaps attacking again in the fall, or even the spring. A sad delay but I am understanding.

949

19 January

Owain struck in the dead of winter, and once again I made a strategic blunder. I ordered my soldiers out to destroy him but they were beaten back. Both sides suffered great casualties but ours the more bitter. We could have lasted many weeks under siege. This war now has some questioning my abilities.

30 January

Traders tell us that the Consumption is upon England.

5 March

No attacks will be possible this year. I understand we have made mistakes many times in the last year but I am still determined to win this war!

8 June

Owain returned to besiege Castle Cardiff but I simply ordered the gates shut. He left after the first night.

19 June 

A year after I sustained my injury I am still in such a lot of pain. I fear I may never fully recover. But again I am thankful to be alive. I have ordered all resources available to be devoted to training new soldiers. We will need to move within the next year or two or else risk loosing our cause.


17 July

Owain has returned to lay siege and this time he managed to kill a patrol that was late to return.

15 August

Owain seems serious about this siege. We will be fine for many months but eventually we will need to drive him from our lands if the weather can't do that for us that is. My daughter, Onbrawst always has her nose buried in scripture these days and thankfully the Lord has helped her to be less cynical.

31 October

I ordered an assault and we were beaten back. Owai has not taken the castle but he has dealt a great blow to our forces.

950

25 January

The pope has died, and my people can suffer no longer. I have ordered every man and child to break the siege or else my life is forfeited to Owain. - My soldiers beaten back, I offer the white flag of surrender.

1 March

Owain has allowed me to live as long as I surrender my claims to Brecon, Pay him a year of taxes and give up my claim on the Unified Crown of Wales. Furthermore he has made it clear that if he decides to pursue that title he expects my support or he will burn my lands. He knows that would mean war but he has demonstrated his superirority to my soldiers. I am thankful for my life and will cease my attacks northward. Now we must rebuild what was once ours. Our people have suffered much during these past three years of war and our coffers are worse than empty as a result of the treaty. These are dark times...and my chest still pains me so.

HE DIED I FUCKED UP I FORGOT TO DO AGNATIC FUCK - Change it so Owain had Riaged killed.

11 March

King Riaged passed away from his injury. His brother, Selyf, has been made King and married Riaged's ten year old daughter, Onbrawst, making her Queen of the Kingdom. Owain's victories have left our people hurt and our court in tears. It was not a happy coronation.



 
