950

11 March

I am Onbrawst, ten year old daughter of the King. My father was killed by the evil men of the east at the command of King Owain. My unlce has been crowned King according to my father's wishes, however he has now taken me for wife. I had lived all my life expecting to be sent to Normandy, and that I would never be Queen so I am fairly pleased by this turn of events. Though I find King Selyf a foolish and cowardly man next to my father I am glad he has listened when my father would not and allowed me to remain here in my home and made me a Queen.

24 March

My 11th birthday. I stand head and shoulders over all other children, and all other girls, in all of Wales! I will continue my studies while Selyf runs the day to day administration. The military will need to be rebuilt.

16 September

Reading the story of Icarus I have realized to know my place, I am only a girl, and not fly too close to the sun.

951

5 April

My mother has agreed to re-marry a young prince of Navarre. She has left and we said our goodbyes

13 October

I have trouble looking people in the eye or speaking to them without blushing, I much prefer my books to these conversations.

10 November

My Uncle has helped me to be more gregarious after I mentioned to him my shyness. He is a lovely and caring man, though he will never be my father.

952

12 March

My mother has been imprisoned as part of some revolt against the Galician King!

4 December

I get very frusterated sometimes at the state of our Kingdom. Our power is threatened by Owain still and there is nothing I can do for my poor mother...

955

11 Febuary

As I grow in maturity I start to recognize the peasant are only good for following orders.

4 June

We've been having sex to celebrate my birthday. I hope I have a son one day!

15 December

At the suggestion of my TaxMan I have begun to send soldiers to beat the everlasting shit out of people who don't pay their taxes. Fear will keep them paying.

956

2 May

I've sent my cousin, the bastard son of my Aunt, to marry a noblewoman in Navarre. I need him far away as he is the only other man with a claim on our throne. Seylf has fallen gravely ill and I can't have anyone causing trouble.

12 June

King Seylf has returned to his former self and I am pregnant with his child. In my womb I carry, with the grace of God, the next King of Wales!

22 June

Pregnancy is terrible! I have been nauseous and lack the strength to even go for a walk about the fields. And to think this must last many more months...

23 June

I have decided that I must simply lie down and rest while I carry this child to term. This is my first child and without my mother I am rather lost and confused. Seylf is hardly any help though I do know he loves me dearly.


25 June

Seylf has suggested I retire from public life for a few months while I deal with this difficult pregnancy. I have agreed and we are making arrangements for me to journey to a pleasant cottage up in the mountains where I can labor in peace.

27 June

Here in the country I have taken a solumn oath to the Virgin Mary. Praying for a strong and healthy child I swear off all excess and will lead a temperate life. All things in moderation.

31 July

I am having insane cravings for strange and exotic foods but since I remember my oath upon arriving here I have eaten only one trout's eye for my supper tonight despite my belly craving an entire boar.

9 September

My child has begun kicking relentlessly against my belly. I've become quite stressed, even here among the pleasant hills and valleys I cannot catch a moment of peace.

14 December

Good tidings and holiday cheer are sent with a letter from my husband back at Castle Cardiff. He tells me the servants are much pleased to be free of my sardonic comments this year. Such a joker. I am lucky to have him as my husband and King.

957

13 January

At last my son, Morgan, was born. He is a sickly and ugly child and I am still in much pain. We will return to Castle Cardiff after his circumsicion and a few weeks for us to rest.

13 Febuary

I have returned to the Castle and taken my first communion again. I feel pure of heart and refreshed from the horrors of pregnancy but woe that my prayers to the virgin mother were not realized. Morgan is sickly and not in good health.

958

4 March

Over a year after his birth and little Morgan is growing but still seems to be sick. I never spent much time around babies but I don't think they should seem so frail.

8 May

Morgan died today, a sickly infant. Selyf took it the worst, he's been dressed in a black hood all day. I will go to church and pray...why did you do this to us lord?

31 October

Seylf has started to blame me for our son's death. He still has not taked off that damn black hood either.

959

31 March

King Seylf has decided to invade Powys in his anger over our lost son last year. 

17 April

I will go. I will fight as well, Selyf cannot stop me. I am well trained and schoold in fighting matters, and will take personal command of the right flank. My father's position before me.

31 May

We have began our siege of the castle Mathrafal. We outnumber the enemy greatly and Powys has no allies in Wales. King Selyf was wise to attack.

9 July

While in camp I snuck away and made sweet love to captain Fychan. I loved his moustache and the way he speaks. The way his rough hands fondled my tender breasts. Selyf will not find out, I hope. 

13 November

I have become pregnant again. I cannot be sure it is Selyf's or Fychan's, however it will be raised as our royal child of course. Our siege is almost won, they will not last the winter.

960

5 January

This pregnancy has been much easier on me than the last. Powys has been all but destroyed and their people now bow to us.

8 May

With Powys subjugated and my husband blissfully unaware of my romance with Fychan my life seems to be candy. Many nice women keep my company gossiping the day away and I have even had some new dresses made to match my swollen body. This preganncy is quite better than the first and I hope it will result in a healthier child. Morgan's loss is still heavy in the back of our minds.

2 June

Owain has begun spreading rumours among my people that we are illigitimate and that he ought to be High King of Wales. There is a great revolt in Deheurbath currently and I suspect he is acting out of desperation. I do not think he will risk war, especially after our assertion of power of Powys.

14 June

A daughter, Lleigy, was born today. I wished she had been a son, but she is stronger and more full of life than Morgan ever was.

23 August

I can harly bear to be away from sweet little Lleigy but there are more imporant matters at hand. I have sent for her to be weaned by the wet nurses.

30 October

We have changed the law of inheritance to strictly primogenture. I have also made Fychan my cupbearer in hopes that we can find more time alone with eachother. 

961

12 January

I am pregant, and I am almost sure it is Fychan's. I will try to have sex with Selyf tonight so that when I begin showing he believes it is his.

11 March

My husband is more than just suspicious. He outright asked if the child was his. I am showing too far along, he doesnt believe me. Still I assured him it was his.

15 March

At church today I let slip my true thoughts on the new stained glass windows, that I found them boring and did not like the colors.

11 July

Though he suspects it's not his Selyf has remained a gentleman to me, and provided for my every need during this pregnancy.

12 August

With all this free time I have begun learning the ins and outs of how our taxation figures. Hopefully I can better administer our lands.

13 August

I gave birth to a son today. I have named him Morgan. Selyf has recognized him as heir apparant to the throne! He is a healthy a beautiful boy.

953

12 August

My goodness, I've become pregnant again!

13 August

Morgan is a year old now, he will be a strong King I can feel it. My daughter, Lleigy, still doenst seem to walk or speak. I hope her brother will be more strong. It has become quite stressful juggling my two lives, Selyf still does not know of my affair with Fychan but I can't bear to break either of their hearts. The bishop has told me in confidence the church would recognize our divorce, as he is my father's brother, but I don't want to cause either of them any pain.

19 December

The kingdom is weaker, and less unified, than it was when I came to power. We have the alliegences of the Powrys yes but our revenue is down. I have appointed some fresh faces to the tax collectors and hope we will see results.

963

12 March

I have made Fychan a commander in our army, I love him dearly. I wonder who the father of my new child really is, I suppose I will never know and it will never matter.

13 March

My second son, Riaged, after my father was born today. 

15 September

My grandmother and namesake has reached 70 years old! She and her husband, my grandfather Morgan II who founded our name and lineage, are both long lived indeed. She is a bit of a dry-throught though.

7 November

I have commanded that a great survey of the land be conducted!

964

30 March

My chancellor has been imprisoned while on a diplomatic mission to Gwent. He was accused of arousing treason.

9 July

Onbrawst, the dry-throut died this afternoon. She was 72. Selyf has been an emotional wreck all day, he lost his mom all I lost was a grandmother.

6 August

Owain's grip in the west is crumbling and I feel our chance to sieze Brecon will come again. I wish to avenge my father's defeat very much.

27 August

My friends have convinced me to embrace my sexuality. I've been having sex with both of my lovers as much as possible recently.

25 November

Owain's rule had all but collapesed when his allies from Eire arrived and were able to at least beat the besieging army back from Owain's castle. It is not clear if Owain's rule shall last or if the Irish could now become permantent residents in our fair Wales. Regardless I feel our position is a strong one.

965

7 June

I've gone with Fychan on a romantic getaway to a house in the hills. We spent the entire time in bed sucking and fucking. I've given myself completely to lust and I feel free.

11 October

Selyf has become a wicked old man he will not sleep with me any more. I'm sure he knows who I am by now, it's shame I somehow loved him. I spend more time with Fychan than with him now.

15 December

The Brecon's have now twisted the old laws around the claim THEY have a legal right to Glywysing! They would never dare to press that in war unless Owain came involved and he is still much to busy dealing with revolt and rebellion. Still, our power is weak as well and our holdings in Powrys may not be teneable.

966

14 October

I have arranged for Prince Morgan to marry a French Countess. Also I have been called out for giving much lighter sentances to women who steal and murder compared to men. I feel that is only fair.

17 November

Our people are content and loyal. Our soldiers are proud and strong.

967

5 January

My young Riaged has also been betroved to a Dutch noble woman. My fame is somewhat great in the contenent where I am known as the Welsh Warrior Woman.

31 March

I came to the chambers of one of our handsome and single commanders this evening and thought we would enjoy eachother but he spurned my advances and now I worry he will tell the King.

29 July

King Owain has given up the ghost leaving his young son in chage. Unfortunately the fight with my husband has nearly divided our realm and I doubt his levies would attend to my call. He spends his days far away from my castle.

968

5 January

I have begun tutoring my son Morgan in the same way my father taught me.

27 January

I can see the secret bugs of Satan all around me! They climb on walls and through eyeballs. It's just like they told me!

7 Febuary

Money? Gold? I crave not these things, just the sweep simple pleasures of naked flesh!

13 May

My son the Prince and future King Morgan always chatting and smiling

969

2 March

Each day for years I think I just have sex, and help my son Morgan learn about breasts.

6 April

I'm quite well known the sparros speak of me "Oh she's that harlot who smokes too much green"

25 June

He's tried to kill me! He'll kill me guards! Guards! I've had Selyf imprisoned and thrown into our deepest pit to starve. He is dead to me! My son is King and I am Queen, there is no more King Selyf!

2 July

The church agrees! We were never married, consaguinty! I shall marry my man Fychan at once and move him into her majesties bed!

15 September

I understand that Selyf has starved in the dungeons. Good. I ordered his body dumped on the beach for the gulls to eat. My son is King and I am his Queen.

970

2 April

The clergy always dissaproved of my life, but I never listened. I'm having so much fun!

5 August

Philosophy, Lobotomy, whats a little gold to spend for a little show! What a play!

28 October

A great field, and swords, and many many men. Our soldiers look sharp, and without Owain his lands look like my bread.

9 December

I've put Fychan in charge of the churches. I'm sick of being talked down to about how I live my life, at least Bishop Fychan will understand me.

971

10 May

My husband thinks that with another year that we could take old Brecon for ourselves. My dear old dad always wanted this.

31 May

The Vikings! Wild men came to attack, they landed near Caerwent and burned our fields. I fought them with our men and beat them back, but the damage has been done.

16 June

The Viking attack has helped to inspire more young men to fight for us! This will prove to have helped our next attack.

973

5 March

Soon, so soon, maybe this year, we will march on Brecon and do what my father wants done.

25 November

This spring, I have made my decision. The King Dafydd has spoken too sharply of our lands. It is clear our people are in great rivalry and that another war is forward twixt our people. We ride with the flowers in the new year.

974

22 Febuary

More Vikings! This may impede our plans, but hopefully not bad. Some fifty men died. But we are now more experienced as well.

13 June
 
More bad news. The Irish have promised to support King Dafydd in any war to remove him. Wales is to remain divided I think.

975

13 October

After years of casual sex every day I am become pregnant! Somehow I have been without child for many years, perhaps its the bottles or the cents.

976

6 January

A diplomate from the west came through this winter. I had him killed.

23 May

My third son, I have named him Fychan after his father.

14 June

My daughter, Lleigy, is slow to put it nicely. She's nothing like the other people, I love her still but she could never be married...

13 August 

What fool I was to have belief in God. I prayed to your own mum who killed my son! There is no God it's all so clear to me

22 December

The pope is dead today I learned also that the Duke of Mercia in England desires to control our Castle Cardiff... A shame and a rat I'll be attacked!

977

8 May

I have ordered a new tax to pay for a larger army! We must do what we can should Englishmen come to us with swords and spears.

17 November

My son, King Morgan, has become a man. He has sent for his wife to be brought to him. He seems uninterested in the doings of the Kingdom and that's OK I'm fine running it for now.

978

24 July

My son has a son, am I really that old?

979

15 March

My second son, Riaged, has left to be with his bunny in Verdun. Goodbye Prince!

27 September

Most of my friends are all old now, were all aging. What a drag it is. I miss my youthuful nights of pure pleasure.

13 September

I have sent Lleigy to marry the Duke of Moray. I cannot stand her always breathing on me.

980

14 November

War! To War! Let's war I say. All soldiers will attack Brecon and lay siege, The Irish tribesmans dead and in the confusion we will sieze Brecon and the mountains.

28 November 

We have siezed their commander but Dafydd has marched along the coast and now threatens Castle Cardiff. We will return south at once!

10 December

We have destroyed their offensive but now a peasant revolt has sprung up in Powrys.

981

14 January

I find my anger has failed me on the battlefield. In a way I am relieved to think more clearly in times of great need.

7 March

I have appointed a woman to my council and reppelled another of Dafydd's invasions but I fear now that our soldiers will be too worn out to take Brecon as I desire.

29 March

In a battle today I killed over a dozen men and my soldiers sang for me as I cleaned my blade. I do love the thrill of battle.

6 June

A new siege has been layed around Brecon.

982

21 Febuary

Our siege was won in the nick of time! We moved with all haste south to destroy another of Dafydd's incursions. Now we must move north to Powys. The peasant revolt there has becoem quite out of hand.

11 May

Another attack was quickly repelled. I took many noble men prisoner, hoping to bargain with their lives for recognition of my supremacy in Breton.

2 September

A final battle and King Dafydd himself was speared as my father was upon the hills of Brecon's Beacons. He has surrendered and I am Queen of Brecon and the mountains. From Powys to Castle Cardiff I am the ultimate power...and my son King Morgan of course.

5 November

I have ransomed the caputured noblemen back to Dafydd for a good reward. Those he would not pay for will be killed.

7 December

Our soldiers will need to remain in Brecon for the winter. We have already had to kill the mayor and will likely kill more, anyone who we suspect of not being loyal to my crown will die.

983

7 January

A horrible plague of smallpox has engulfed all of southern England and Cornwall. We have no such disease here thankfully.

8 April

After all these years, Fychan and I have grown apart. I no longer love him , the man who's tent I snuck into years ago no longer exists. SAD!

14 May

Many of our men die from the smallpox. Many hundreds of men are dead.

10 July

Our ocupation of Brecon continues to worsen. In the dead of night masked men will attack and kill our soldiers off duty. The town must learn to love us, by fearing us.

5 October

We have killed many of them. Men, women, children, many. Now we will return to Castle Cardiff for the holidays.

18 November

Fychan asked me to give him a fief of his own. I would never do that, he is no longer my lover and honestly I'm not sure why I even keep him around.

984

12 October

My son and many men in Powys have taken up a heretical religion. I don't care much but I have sent my Bishop to clear things up and ease any developing rivalries among our people. It pains me to see my son King Morgan not take his position as seriously as I do.

985

15 January

With the new year I've decided to make a new law! The hole in the wall law! In order to allow free passage of the winds all buildings must have two large holes on opposite ends! So be it this is my dread command!

986

28 July

The Vikings returned and I found I was too fat to ride my horse!

24 August 

It is well understood under every rock that I am the greates party giver in all of Wales!

29 December

My son would never share his toys, sweet Fychan knows better.

987

10 June

We keep together better than the other two welsh kingdoms, all our friends stay in our great castle and my son stays at his in Powys.

21 June

The Welsh King of Gwynedd has conquered the Duchy of Munster in souther Eire! He is grown powerful if he can keep it. I have moved at once to take the city of Gwyr.

6 November

A great host made of Irish mercenaries came down on us. I alone led our charge and somehow though we were greatly outnumbered we lost 100 and they over 1000! Even the count of Ceredigion was captured and is now my slave. He will be ransomed once we are recognized in Gwyr.

988

8 March

I have shown my son Fychan that fear is the mind killer while we are away at war.

15 May

Our claims on Gwyr are beyond question! Yet still I fear the power of the King Beli, he will still greatly outnumber us for a number of years. I must act swiftly to bolster our numbers.

13 September

My husband asked me for a horse! Can you believe it, at his age he should be laying down and dying. I joked to the cooks today "Can you poison him?" He's too old to do anythign about it.

989

1 April

I have beaten my son until he learns the meaning of patience. Young Fychand WILL learn pacience.

13 June

Queen Onbrawst the Noble (and insane!) has passed away. Her son, King Morgan II is now in complete control. He is a true sadist who enjoys torturing people for fun and has absolutely no interest in politics. It is doubtful he will even return to Castle Cardiff from his pleasure palace in Powys.




 
