King Morgan II

989

24 June

My mother has died. She was a lunatic and I was glad to be rid of her long ago. My lover, Bronwen, is pregnant with my son but I will not acknowledge him, my son Tewdrig must inherit all. I have arranged to be married with an English princess and thereby secure my favor with the most powerful man on our isle.

10 September

I had to viset Bronwen today, I sent her far away for her pregancy but I needed to hold her and tell her it's all going to be alright.

4 November

My son, Arthws, was born today. I have named him my bastard.

990

21 March

My wife, Princess Aebba of England has arrived. She's hot.

13 August 

I learned of a plot to kill my half brother Fychan. I went to arrest the man but he fled in fear.

991

20 April

I've become somewhat stressed out trying to juggle two sexy girls at once.

3 October

Fychan, my mother's lover, maybe even my dad. I had him killed today. He had worn out his welcome.

992

2 July

Bronwen is pregnant again with my child.

993

4 Febuary

I have sent Bronwen away. She is causing too many problems. She bore another son when I wanted a daughter.

994

10 February

The King of Enlgand has announced his intentions of annexing Wales and has asked that I be allowed to keep my reign over Glywysing. I feel like we have no choice, my wife is his daughter so yeah I'm just gonna go with it.

14 Febuary

My wife betrayed me, she told him to do this because she was mad about my affair. I have been forced to legitimize my son, Arthws and make him Count of Glywysing as well. I have moved our capital to Gwent.

2 April

I have accepted and swone fealty to the King of England. He will take Gwent and I will return to Powys under his protection. 

995

5 January

King Caelwulf has joined our German allies in a war in Arles down near Italy. As my dudy 271 soldiers will be sent from my castle to this war. A sad sacrifice but not mine so it isn't very important.

996

1 August

A revolt has removed King Morgan and placed his son Tewdrig on the throne.2

997

26 March

Mercia and England have gone to war. Mercia had become too powerful and England demands Warick.
