Duke Tewdrig of Glywysing

997

16 September

After many years of bloodshed and betrayl I have returned to serve my King Caerwulf of England as Duke of my homeland Glywysing. I have spent many years away in Dax north of the Pyranees and I am well regarded and well though of by the King. Much of my family has fled or been captured. I have no symptathy for them, they were traitors to the throne. My loyalty is to the King.

14 December

I have returned to the castle of my birth Cardiff and will begin to give independance to the lands of Dax

998

15 June

England and East Anglica have made peace and Caewulf has revoked the lands of Gwent which were stolen from my father. 

19 August

My father's second wife, Aebba has come to my castle, we made love all night. My wife is a ghastly woman, I can't stand to be around her. Aebba is beautiful and powerful and sexy.

26 October

I seem to have gotten Aebba pregnant...

20 November

My father and all the world know I have empragnated his wife Princess Aebba.

999

19 January

Our King has died and a new King has been elected. King Wulfhelm has announced I am to serve as his royal cupbearer. A great honor!

21 May

Our daughter, Cyneswith was born today. I have decided to legitimize her as my child. No sense in hiding it anymore.

1000

8 January

With the new year I have decided my wife must cease to exist, then I will kill my father, and finally I shall marry my love Aebba.

8 February

I have sent my wife the ghost on a pilgramage so I can spend some quality time alone with Aebba my lover. I must have gotten her pregnant again.

21 April

Poisoned wine and now my wife is gone for good. I have begun paying mercenaries in Germany to find my father as well. I need him dead so I can be with my beloved.

1001 

3 May

I have renounced all my Welsh ways and embrace the Anglo-Saxon culture of our English King!

1 July

We must send 1000 soldiers to defend Scottland from Vikings.

20 November

I've become terribly ill, I feel I might even die.

4 December

Thankfully my illness has passed.

1002

31 March

The Viking attacks have been relentless all year.

24 April

Much of Scottland has been overrun by unimaginable numbers of Viking warriors. King Wulfhelm rushes north the destroy them. This is the very reason why the isle must become united. I have sent diplomats to Ceredigon to negotiate their alliance with the King.

16 July

The Viking Queen has been captured and the war is won!

7 October

Many of my people are happy to have joined the King of England and praise me for my good sense.

1003

6 January

I made love with a serving girl today. Aebba need not find out I think.

8 March

I seem to have gotten the serving girl pregnant.

13 July

The serving girl, Cerie, is really quite sweet. I've put her up in a nice cottage in the mountains and I have even gone to visit and comfort her. She's been so stressed because we were never married but I assured her it will be quite alright.

10 October

Another daughter was born to Cerie today. I have aknowledged her as mine. I have also learned that Aebba has become pregnant as well.

1004

12 June

I have bugun construction of a great city to surround our Castle Cardiff!

18 July

A daughter, another daughter, what I want now are sons.

20 October

Cerie has gotten pregnant again it seems.

1005

15 March

I have gone to comfort Cerie, she is much younger than Aebba and more full of life.

22 May

A son, my first born, Morgan was born today by my youthful concubine Cerie. He will inherit all my lands.

22 November

I must have gotten Cerie pregnant again

1006

14 February

King Wulfhelm has declared we are to help our Christian brothers in Iberia and so we will send our alloted thousand men to fight for our King.

22 June

My second son, Sulien was born today.

11 August

I have taken home a smol kitten to be my pet. I love the thing!

1007

29 June

Our soldiers returned bloody but victorious! What stories they have to tell.

17 December

I've been seeing a new woman, Ben-Mide who says she's a nun but I know better.

21 February 

Ben-Mide is pregannt with my child.

7 June

A great festival has erupted in celebration of our new township of Cardiff! What a lovely scene! I'm having so much fun with my harem of women as well.

5 July

Though we have never married I still care for all three of my lovers. I visit with Ben-Mide when her pregnancy hurts, I spend tender evenings with Aebba and Cerie as well.

30 September

Ben-Mide has given birth to a daughter, Cristine.

27 November

I have enganged my two sons to marry French and Scottish princesses respectively.

1009

28 April

Cerie has become pregnant again and Oswfulf even as an old man threates war with the King again.

23 July

It feels like life is going by me too fast. I'm stressed out, and can't catch a break.

24 October

My daughters will be sent to school in London at the request of the King. A great honor.

22 November

Another daughter, Ceries third child I believe. All together I now have ten...or more? I've nearly lost track.

1010

6 August

My steward was a thief and I had him imprisoned. I have also written a sad poem about how Aebba's husband my wretched father still lives and the church will not marry us.

9 September

King Wulfhelm of England has imprisoned Gloucster for plotting to go to war with us. Wulfhelm maintains stict authority in his realm, there is to be no inter-ducal warfare!

4 November

Ben-Mide is pregnant now.

1011

19 January

Cerie no longer serves any use to me. She is not kind, or as beautiful as Aebba nor is she as youthful and fuckeable as Ben-Mide. Therefore I have let her live alone for the last year. She is still welcome in my castle but I no longer wish to lie with her, she has served her purpose and is now better left discarded.

28 May

My son and heir, Morgan, will begin military school this week in London with the King himself.

1012

2 February

I drink all day and drink all night, I drink because my life's alright. I wish to marry sweet Princess Aebba but theres one problem my damned father.

25 April

I have promised Aebba my love once again I shall kill her husband my father and wed her! I have spent more money on mercenaries in Germany. I want that man dead!

6 August

I am a just man. Even when I loose a bet, I pay it in full (even though I could have had these men beheaded if I should give the command)

9 September

King Wulfhelm has made me a Commander of England! He recognizes me as one of the greatest men in the realm!

26 October

I have granted my son Morgan the lands of Powys.

1013

15 March

I will serve in the King's army defending from the Vikings this year!

8 November

Ben-Mide is pregnant again and Aebba is feeling unloved. I threw a grand party in her honor, she is truly the woman I consider my wife. I love her dearly. I swear my father will die and I will marry her one day.

1014

1 January

As Leon falls to the Muslims so too do Vikings descend on our fair castle Cardiff.

20 January

The Vikings were easily reppelled.

5 February

My son, Anion, was born to Ben-Mide today. I have acknowledged him as my bastard, I have already two sons who will inherit.

7 November

Aebba has asked me for some alone time. She's upset we haven't married and that I will not allow daughters to inherit when she's only had daughters. She thinks I love her less, she's getting older. I'm half tempted to marry my mistress Ben-Mide but I will wait for hope with Aebba, my true love.

7 December

We caught a spy lurking about my castle. I had him beheaded.

1015

10 January

I've got a new spring in my step, I'm still drunk constantly but I've grown content in my filthiness.

19 May

I've stopped sleeping with Ben-Mide. I want to be a man worthy of Princess Aebba.

18 June

I'm still gonna drink, but I'm not longer going to feed my sexual desires.

7 July

The bishop found me passed out drunk in the Church this morning. I told them to piss off and kept on sleeping.

12 October

King Wulfhelm rode to Castle Cardiff to announce that he will press my claim on Ceredigion! We will ride with the English Army in our full strength agains the western welsh savages and unite the isle!

3 November

We have been defeated and repelled in the Beacons. We will strike back though and in greater numbers.

15 December

Already we have driven them back and English soldiers lay siege to their lands.

1016

29 January

My dear cat has passed away. I thought about a grand telling of his life, but there's not much to tell.

19 February

My steward has proposed a new census be taken, I have agreed. Though it will cost a lot he assures me it wil pay off over rtime.

22 April

We have decided to re-survey the lands as well.

26 May

I have arranged powerful marriages with my children. My bastard son is to marry the daughter of Scottland, one of my daughters the young King Denmark.

13 August

Our victory makes me Duke of Deheubarth and King Wulfhelm defactor King of Wales. Gwynedd remains to the north and their alliance with Eire may prove powerful but the power and glory of the King will not be surpassed.

16 November

Much peacekeeping has had to be done but I think the people recognize me as their Duke and the King as their master.

1017

17 February

I am well respected by men in Wales and in the King's court. The survey is complete and we are among the most powerful men on the isle now.

8 July

An invasion of Irishmen was repelled this week.

1 September

The grandson of Owain knelt before me today. Deheurbarth is subdued.

4 October

Our glorious victories have made me quite popular and there is even talk of electig me King after Wulfhelm's death. I will try to act not over-joyed by this. I feel I could make a great King.

1018

8 March

I have sent for a skilled diplomat from England to come and help me administer my effects. I hope to crush Welsh resistance and present myself as the strongest candidate for King.

28 October

I have become well known as 'the Noble'

1019

7 May

I always have a jolly good time drinking at these summer faires.

19 October

My daughter, second born, is to marry the Prince and heir apparent to the throne!

1020

4 March

To celebrate the union of our two familes renewal King Wulfhelm has decided to press our territorial claims in Navvare on my behalf. He has truly rewarded me and continues to elevate me in prestige and power.

19 May

The journey by sea is long and dangerous, it may take us most of the year to move our soldiers onto the continent.

7 June

My daughter has concieved a bastard child and puts our alliance with England in jeopardy! I have taken care of the child and beaten sense into her.

6 September

100 ships and ten thousand men. We are mighty indeed.

1022

2 July

At long last we have returned home victorious. I have won Navvare and reckon myself a great man.

23 July

All these years later, my father Morgan still taunts me from the German wastes.

20 August

I have fallen gravely ill.

27 August

I got better!

5 November

I have sent my bishop to root out this new heresey.

1023

7 March

I know the wine is killing me, but I can't stop drinking. I'll drink till I die I've no other choice.

24 May

Morgan has had a daughter...I'm a granddad now. I wept when I found out. How time flies by.

25 December

We have had to put down a nasty Christmas day revolt across Wales. They were poorly equipped and worse trained. They have been destroyed.

1024

28 April

For nearly 10 years now I have lived celebate only love my bottle and I must say I will never return to my old ways. I have enough children, and I do not need to share the powers of my throne with a woman.

20 August

I have been named Duke Tewdrig the Noble Lord of Wales and Protector of Navarre.

7 October

We hosted a grand group of hedge nights on their pilgramage. They told us great tales of far away lands.

1025

15 May

King Wulfhelm has gotten the blessings of the Pope to invade Germany and attempt to re-unify the Germanic people. We send 2000 men with him.

27 June

Some talk went around the church denouncing our King's invasion, I had that kind of talk outlawed.

30 August

My daughter, Cristina, has married the King of Italy! I am off to Germany to serve in my capacity for our invasion.

1026

2 June

A terrible plague of consumption has fallen over Navarre.

27 June

A small Welsh revolt has been crushed.

12 September

Our army has captured Hannover and defeated a German host.

1027

2 January

With the new year I celebrate 31 years on the throne! I hope to have 31 more haha. I have ordered my magnum opus to be construted, a grand university the likes of which have never been seen before in Great Britain.

12 April

King Wulfhelm himself has defeated the German King in hand to hand combat. He considers our cause fruitful and we shall return in victory.

16 July

My son, Morgan, and I are very close. He is more bookish than I am but I fear he is not as competant a commander. I am working to secure alliances with the dukes to ensure my election to the English Throne is successful, then I will do what I can to ensure an easy life for my son.

6 November

Our chances are high, but with time all things could change. The King is too well protected but I must admit, I do hunger at the thought of his death. I am not so kind now in my older days, more cold, more calculated.

1028

6 April

My support among the nobility for the election is unquestioned. Prince Ulf himself recognizes I would be a fair and just King. King Wulfhelm has declared this year we war with Scottland for land. I will serve him in his attack.

25 October

What horror show. My son Morgan died before my damned father. My beard is white and my joints ache and already my son is dead! His brother Sulien will inherit now.

1029

17 March

Our war in Scottland was succesful but Prince Ulf came away as the hero. I am an old man now, I fear he will win the election for the crown.

30 November

Though Prince Ulf publically proclaims me to be his father's heir it will be interesting to see if his tune changes if and when his father passes on.

1030

5 March

Prince Ulf and I have sworn our alliance to eachother. We will not fight.

1031

15 July

At 53 I still can't believe my father is still alive. After all these years I have stopped paying for witch hunters to kill him. I have accepted the man may be imortal and he will surely haunt me in my next life as well. I still see Aebba from time to time but we mostly stay apart from each other.

1032

12 June

King Wulfhelm rides to war again! To Castille this time to destroy the Muslim hordes and increase our power there! He is a mighty King!

20 December 

I must admit, I'm not half the soldier I used to be, but seeing King Wulfhelm struggle on inspires me as well.

1033

10 December

We have captured much of Castille from the Muslims. My influence is growing dimmer with my wits, I am loosing myself I'm afraid. I still try to impress the fellow Dukes but in my age I feel Ulf as the better choice myself... I have decided to die, I have failed and I fear my son will not hold the realm as I have. It was not easy, and it all rests in a balance. Once Ulf comes to power he will need to stay on his good side to resist and title revokments. I have failed, now come sword let me fall on thee as the old roman kings. One last sip of my bottle, father you've outlived your boy.

11 December

Duke Tewdrig "the Noble" Lord of Wales and Protector of Navarre was found impaled near the latrines during the midnight watch. Though it was suspected what he had done, his official cause of death was 'in battle' and he will be buried with full honors back in England. Duke Tewdrig 'the Noble' Lord of Wales and Protector of Navarre will be remembered as a fierce loyalist to the English Throne. A man who changed from a lusty young man of sin into a paragon of power and battlefield prowess. He was widely considered second in command under the King himself, Wulfhelm's commander and cupbearer the tales of Duke Twedrig were sung as far as Italy. His greatest accomplishments shall be unification of Wales (minus Gwynedd) and his accomplishments at war in Wales, Scottland, Germany, and his final battle in Castille. He was a powerful and just Duke who chose to die drunk than to waste away from age. His excess was his undoing.

His son, Sulien, has been given all of his titles however is nowhere near as popular or even known as his father. Sulien will have to make up for his relative absence during his young life, he never cared to show his face much and has been known as somewhat of a degenerate. At least his brother tells great stories of his time in Italy or his late older brother would lord over Powys but Sulien is more or less unknown and will need to prove himself quickly to establish and secure his father's lands.






