1033

20 December

What terrible news! My father, Duke Tewdrig the Noble has died. I've seen it proclaimed in the stars that I am to be King of Wales. Prince Ulf no doubt will inherit, his claim is by far the more just but I will prove more than a shadow of my father.

1034

7 January

I have decided to petition the King to allow my to reclaim Gwent. He has made me commander at Christmas and I feel he trusts me enough.

29 January

King Wulfhelm has transferred Gwent to my demense in perpetuity. He is overjoyed by the accomplishments of my father and wishes to make me a powerful vassal. I have met with him personally and assured him I will recognize his son Ulf as King after him.

31 January

I tried to make a move on my brother's wife but she spurned my advances.

12 February

I have decided to tutor my two children myself.

26 May

I have shown my daughter to be more outspoken

18 August

I have had to say farewell to many of my father's courtiers. He maintained a small army here at Castle Cardiff while I require only a small train. Over half of them have left, including some of my father's former lovers. Princess Aebba will stay of course, she's grown so shy since when I was a child. I hardly see her at all these days.

12 September

My grandfather has finally given up the ghost. Aebba was in tears when we heard the news. I wish I could comfort her but theres nothing anyone can do for her now, her life is dead before her. I feel quite sad thinking about it.

2 November

I have decided to banich Aebba, she was simply causing problems. I provided a carriage for her journey back to London. Her daughter, my sister Cyneswith, raised such protest I had her arrested and sent to the dungeons for life. Her husband may remain here with his son.

1036

5 January

The King celebrates 100 years since the unification of England!

26 July

Prince Ulf and I have become quite close. I am to continue my father's line as principle Duke of the English King I suppose. My daughter was found torturing a rat, I talked her out of it I believe.

1037

2 January

King Wulfhelm sends us off to war once more to further his holdings in Castille we are to take the lands of Leon from the Muslims. I will serve as a captain of the calvary. My first battlefield experience.

28 March

We have landed at Santillana del Mar and marched over the mountains. We have met no resistance yet.

19 June

I was allowed to return home for leave. A few weeks here makes me almost bored. I quite enjoyed life in the siege camps. I have gotten my wife pregnant and attended to the administrative day to day. The market feels their taxation is uncalled for and I had to smoothe over with the merchant guild that if it were not for my protection they would have nowhere to do their business in the first place. They seemed to understand.

14 August

I have returned leading 7000 soldiers. We are to march on the city of Leon itself and capture it.

1038

2 January

Leon has fallen but there are an ever growing number of Muslim raiders. This war will be a long and bloody one.

27 January

I have become a rather adept cavalry commander and under my command we have routed many Muslim raiders from our perimeter.

5 February

King Wulfhelm has died, peacefully in his sleep, at the grand age of 74. He will be long remembered for his unificatin with Wales, and his conquests in Castille. He died without seeing the conclusion of his war for Leon. Prince Ulf has departed for London to be coronated, it remains unknown if he should return. Regardless the war is going fairly well.

20 April

War is hell. I have seen my brothers butchered and my friends dead. I don't know why I'm still alive and I don't want to be here any longer, but I have no choice. To leave now would be to desert. I should only pray this war will end and I can go back home.

11 May

We suffered a great defeat today. After capturing the city of Zamora we pushed across the river Duero but were met with such a force as we had never seen. Prince Ulf who had recently returned urged us on further and harder but we were destroyed by the enemy. Over half our forces perished today and I doubt we will be able to continue the war much longer.

10 July

We have been forced to retreat to Navarre. I made love with a nursing girl.

22 July

The war has been lost and we have paid dearly for our defeat.

18 August

I know, I am not my father. Many in the realm call me Unready. I have also gained the King's blessings for an invasion of Rhos to take the castle of the Welsh King of Gwynedd. I have decided to press these claims to win support and love of my people. I will not be remembered as unready after this war!

8 September

I've brought the same nursing girl with me whom I made love to in Iberia. She is the wife of a soldier but we hook up often. She's rather twitchy and I believe insane. She told me she's pregnant. I told her to convincer her husband it is his.

25 September

We have arrived at Castle Degannwy and prepare our siege. These people are backwards and stand no match to our power.

1039

15 January

These welsh men have held up longer than I expectd. Laying siege over winter in a strane land may also have been a tactical error. Nonetheless despite our losses we shall prevail before long.

11 April

The child has been well recieved by the husband. I've gotten away with it.

23 April

Scottland has lost another King as their country seems to fall apart. Now would be a good time for King Ulf to move on them while defeated, though he seems not so keen on the idea. I think he see's himself as the reason for our failure in Castille and is wary to start any more wars.

11 June

Irish men landed in Ceredigion. We rode to meet them, our cavalry were crushed and my own horse was killed. I lost my sword but managed to kick an enemy solider in the guy, he was too strong and sent his axe into my side. I survived but I am horribly wounded.

9 July

My son, Tewdrig, will be sent to London and study under Ulf's personal tutors.

31 July

I am lucky to still be alive. King Ulf has announced a return of English soldiers to Navarre to assist the Christians there in defending their lands from the Muslims. He see's it more wise to protect that which is already ours than risk fighting Scottland's savages. I will remain in Castle Cardiff unable to serve as commander due to my injuries.

26 October

My daughter has taken such good care of me during my injuries. She is quite a kind young girl.

1040

7 February

All of Wales is now under the crown of England. Lancaster has helped me drive them from our lands. Perhaps an attack on Anglesey will follow but only if we feel it is worth it. A great Muslim host marches on Zaragoza.

19 March

My wound has healed and I no longer feel the pain of death. Though I will always carry the scar, it's easily hidden.

11 July

I can't stop thinking about what happened in those wars, those deaths I've seen. I wake up screaming sometimes and I've really become quite deppressed about the whole thing. Why am I even alive?

26 November

King Ulf has returned defeated from Castille. The Muslims may even overrun Navarre! I doubt they could cross the Pyranees though.

1041 

1 August

The King's defeat has led to some questioning his ability to rule but there are clearly no others. His nephew is too young, and no grand duke remains like my father. The other dukes would never approve of me, they have come to consider me more or less a foreigner by now. Lancaster and Wessex especially are my rivals, though I care not enough to consider them truly rivals, just power hungry men.

27 November

My niece in Powys had been talking that her brother, son of my brother Morgan, ought to be made Duke of Powys. I had her arrested. Her younger sister, who better understands her place, shall serve as Powys in her place.

1042

12 April

My wife, the fat pig, asked me for jewelry today. That gold is for our soldiers and townspeople. I barked at her, I wish I never had to see her again...This shit makes me want to kill myself.

15 May

One of my sisters told me she had been contacted by another sister about having me killed...What a drag this life can be.

27 May

I have found limited solace in stuffing my face. I've become nearly as round as my wife.

7 June

My wife, Donella, told me she thought I was looking more cheerful recently. I will admit, she has her moments, and that eating helps somewhat with my feelings.

9 August

There is nothing more that I love in life than stuffing my gut and letting out loud burps! I no longer want to kill myself!

6 November

With support from the English Crown we will take the island of Anglesey! I have been feeling more invigorated and think I will join the soldiers, despite my hatred for warfare I do have a small talent for it.

1053

15 March

The conquest of Anglesey was easy and more of a formality than anything. I am recognized as Lord of Wales while Lancaster takes some small territory in the north east.

13 April

I've gotten Donella pregnant again!

19 June

Beli, the Petty Former King of Gwynedd, has fled to Ireland and now sends bands of pirates to pilliage his lost lands. We have easily repelled them though there were many thousands.

8 September

A small revolt was put down quickly in Navarre.

10 December

I have led a small incursion onto Eire and here I have mastered using Cavalry across flat lands.

1045

5 January

Scottland has been resolved, my half-brother and his wife have been placed on the dummy throne, still loyal to Ulf, and I have been named their heir apparent. Ulf recognizes the power I hold and seems intent on keeping me content.

19 January

I have broken off all of my former love affairs, I was more reckless in my younger days, and now I am more focused on power than pussy.

1046

5 June

King Ulf has committed ourselves to staying in Castille and it has worked so far. At great cost we have managed to cross and capture the source of the river Duero.

1047

23 February

Smallpox epidemic in Scottland, I've been having a blast teaching my children the art of warfare.

25 June

Valladolid has been captured and taken in the name of King Ulf.

1048

4 March

Wild Viking raids this year have prompted King Ulf himself to lead the defense of Scottland.

1049

2 February

I couldn't help myself, I saw a beautiful french girl today as part of a foreign delegation and I had my way with her. She was so attractive...I hope my wife does not find out.

5 September

My son and heir Tewdrig has developed into a rather strange, awkward, and shy young man. He has taken a french wife and retired to Ceredigion. He has proven to me somewhat of an expert at administration and his skills quite surprise for his lack of interest.

15 November

King Ulf has returned from Scottland after keeping our people safe. His 50th birthday as well brings a grand celebration to the halls of Westminster. He is well beloved by all his subjects and our Kingdom is the strongest it has ever been. He recognizes me for my loyalty to the throne and has named me Grand Marshall of England! A wonderful honor, I am proud to serve my King.

1050

3 July

Sneaking around behind my wife's back has taught me that people are all such guillable fools.

1 December

The church has asked me to pay for a miracle play to celebrate the life and death of our local saint who feeds the ducks and transients but I feel that if the church gets their tithe and they want a play they should be able to pay for it. I've quite upset the bishop but I think he will forgive me.

1051

2 March

Across Europe my family has come to power. I am Lord of Wales and chief of Dukes in the Kingdom of England, my sister is the Queen. My brother, King of Scottland, my nephew the King of Italy. My daughter however has concieved a child with her cousin, son of my least favorite sister (excluding the bitch in Russia who's put a price on my head) 

1052

2 February

My lusty daughter, Hywela, has had a second child and is pregnant again with her cousin's child. Thankfully her betroved cousin, Prince of Scottland, need never learn of these things.

7 June

My son Tewdrig has welcomed his first born son and named him in my honor.

26 June

One of my commanders killed the mayor of a town. Now the townspeople demand I imprison my commander. I would never do that, he's an extrememly talented man.

13 November

At noon, on his 52 birthday, King Ulf passed away. Though he only ruled for 15 years his rule was a strong one. He was a great ally and champion of our Welsh people, and he blessed my family many times. Our nephew, by his brother and my sister, Tewdrig was unanimously proclaimed King of the English and Protector of Wales and Scottland. I have arranged his daughter to marry my second son to show the strength of our continued alliance. My father's dynasty has now come to power in all of England! Long live King Tewdrig I of England!

1053

5 January

King Tewdrig has decided to follow the same steps as his father. I remember 15 years ago when my father went to die in Leon under King Wulfhelm. I remember my coronation and King Ulf's in defeat. I remember our terrible losses...still our lands in Castille are rich. Regardless King Tewdrig has ordered another invasion of Leon. I will serve as his calvalry commander and Grand Marshall of the army.

5 February

I have built a new castle, Caerphilly, near Castle Cardiff. Our city is become almost of equel importance to Gloucster.

3 March

A strange man singing poems claims to have been an arrent lord who has returned. I have no reason to believe him and no intention to show a stranger any good will. Good day!

21 March

King Tewdrig has allowed me to remain at home and has set sail south for Castille. Many have doubts of his success but none doubt his intentions. I have the upmost respect for our young king, he is a Noble King.

6 August

France has attacked some of our holdings in Navarre! King tewdrig cannot defend these lands, not right now anyway. I have raised some thousand men but without the army of the King we will be overrun by the French.

11 August

I have gotten another beautiful servant pregnant again. I hope I'm not discovered but I'm not too concerened with it either.

1054

13 April

My wife learned of the bastard and killed herself...I've managed to keep it quiet.

5 July

King Tewdrig has fallen back in Castille hoping to maintain our lands in Navarre and will march north to meet France.

29 July

I've found the most interesting book in the Library...

1 August

I read through The Metamorphoses in just a few days. I'm inspired to start writing my own poetry now.

2 October

Our lot in Navarre is not looking up. Many defeats and losses have plauged King Tewdrig's innaugural campaign.

16 December

King Tewdrig managed to capture many french captains but remains well out numbered. I expect the war to be finished in the srping.

1055

5 January

My poetry has really blossomed, bards even set my words to music now and then.

1 June

The brother of my young Gwent murdered his brother to take his place. I have had the man arrested and assumed absolute and direct control over the county and Castle Caewent. I am reminded that over 350 years ago my family got our name "Morgannwg" from my ancestor "Morgan the Great" who unifed Glywysing and Gwent in 680. This castle was only lost recently, when my grandfather Morgan the wicked lost it in his drunken foolery.

27 July

King Tewdrig has returned to England defeated. He has surrendered our lands in eastern Navvare, the lands north of the pyranees Bearn and returned home for the first time in years. He still enjoys widespread support among the lords including myself. I have realized, with my brother as King, my son has a claim to the Scottish throne...

9 December

My second son, Morcar today showed me his bravery by not crying when he got bit by a snake. I rewarded him by making him and his issue Baron of Castle Caerphilly! My son Tewdrig will me Duke but Morcar deserves to own something as well.

1056

2 January

King Tewdrig has announced all is not lost, and that we will return to Castille again this year! He is determined to fufill the dreams of his grandfather...

6 June

My 50th birthday. Time has flown by, but I have not forgotten my promise. I will not be my father's shadow. I have gotten permission from the King to raise my armies and to install my son, Tewdrig, as King of Scottland. If I succeed my son shall be more the more powerful Tewdrig. More even so than the King himself.

13 September

Over 5,000 men march north towards my brother Scottland.

23 September

Perhaps a bad omen, my mother Cerie has died today while my brother's mum lives on.

25 December

A nephew of mine was plotting to kill my son, I had him inprisoned.

1057

5 January

I have hired the Band of the Rose to assist us in our Scottish conquest.

19 February

We are victorius in our first battle against my brother in Northern Ireland. We managed to caputure his commander and the Earl of Atholl.

29 March

The brother of the nephew was trying to kill me! I had their entire family inprisoned...except their slow brother.

9 May 

We have destoryed the army of King Anion and sent my brother running for the hills. We will first win our siege of Scone and then have my son Crowned King Of Scottland and Wales!

19 August

I feel I have nothing to be proud of...I feel all of this war and fighting is for nothing. I remember all the deaths I'm causing. I made fun of an old man at court with no children today and called him a sodomite. I'm not such a proud man...

30 September

Scone has fallen and we have wiped out the resistance at Cawdor as well.

25 December

On Christmas day my son was crowned King of Scottland. He has been made King of Alban, and will inherit the Kingdom of Wales as well. I have proven myself my father's equal, perhaps even surpassing him. I must now simply ensure my son is well respected by English and Scotish nobles. King Tewdrig of England has fallen ill and influence over the lords has congealed around Lancaster. They have realized the power that I now weild and with my alliance with England intact it would be treachery and treason to attack me. I feel I have won.

1058

16 January

King Tewdrig of England has passed away of his illness and Lancaster has been named King Gospatric 'the Tenacious' He has given me the lands of Wales which he had taken during our war in the north as a sign of respect for me. I have great respect for this gesture and I wish him well, but I trust my son will come to dominate all British politics soon after my death.

23 February

King Gospatric has decided to honor the memory of King Wulfhelm and Tewdrig by attacking for Leon again!

14 November

My lover, Ida, The same sexy french girl I've slept with all these years, has become pregnant again. At my old age I am surprised to have another child, but still glad. This life is a long one and I hope to enjoy my latter years, basking in the history I have made...I have decided we will get married in a grand affair this Christmas with a great feast, I'll invite all the lords of the land who aren't in Leon and we will celebrate a grand life!

1059

18 March

I have seen my brother's wife the 'Queen' beheaded and my brother has accepted his role as Count of Gwidd. That fat bastard Anlon was not able to talk his way out of this one. My son King Tewdrig is his lord now.

1 November

I have raised my two younger sons to be fine young men, brave, kind, and not too ambitious. They know their place in their brother's new kingdom of my making.

14 December

A terrible plauge of Measles has swept down from Scottland.

1060

31 May

King Gospatric has returned defeated from Castille and ended up in a border dispute with my son...I have declined to intervene but have chastized both sides.

10 July

My son has learned a lesson in disrespect to the English throne...I dont understand why he pushed south in the first place.

25 December

A peasant revolt in Gower.

1061

27 November

I have gotten my wife a lovely hunting falcon at her request.

2 December

Now a revolt has broken out in Dax! We must sail down there to quell the situation.

31 December

The revolt dissapated as soon as soldiers arrived.

1062

21 February

My son, King Tewdrig of Alban, has requested my assistance fighting against Irish insurgents. We will aide him on the fields this summer.

15 July

At the battle of Aporcrossin in the far northern highlands we drove back and destroyed many barbarians. We have elected to pursue them north. These norsemen have been causing my son problems as well.

18 November

The winters are cruel here and we are taking many losses. We must return south.

1063

24 March

Our numbers have been bolstered by Scottish recruits, our enemies are somtimes old women, it is a tedious job.

8 September

We will now march into Ireland itself.

1066

3 January 

A surprise attack in the middle of winter destroyed our army in Ireland. We will sent reenforcements this spring.

17 May

We were able to make quick work of the Irish rebels.

10 September

I have had to sieze the Mayor of Rhuddlan and take control of the castle myself.

1067

12 February

I have given my youngest son, Wihtraed, the Castle Rhuddlan as his personal barony in his brother's Kingdom of Alban. Forever his issue.

1068

22 June

My 62nd birthday. Sometimes I forget how I got here or why everyone is calling me Duke...

1069

5 March

The Vikings have returned, King Gospatric has disposed of them.

1071

22 June

My...my son King Tewdrig has died...His sister has been elected Queen...his son will inherit my Dukedom...what a black day. My birthday...my 65th black birthday.

20 October

I have rennounced the Kingdom of Alban.

1072

26 December

My sister, Queen of Alban was murdered. Quite dreadfully I'm told..oh yes my daughter yes that right...I wont be allowed to fight at all they say!

1073

22 June

My 67th birthday! That's quite old I think.

13 August

Gospatric sent my own nephew and proud issue of Tewdrig's house to my court to garner sympathy with is pretend kingship! Instead the glory of my great father goes forgotten by these would be called Kings... I like them not. I failed with my son, who was to be king of kings...

21 November

I have denied the patroage of a family historian. I feel have failed and my father Tewdrig the Noble will be forgotton. We were so close...so close...

1075

18 January

Duke Sulien the Bastard died of severe stress. He never forgave himself for his son's death and died a miserable old man who saw himself as a looser. History will remember him as a competant if not clever ruler. His attempts to culminate power over the British Isles into his son nearly won over the lords, before the elected King Gospatric was able to solidify his rule. Duke Sulien was a skilled calvarly commander and perfect family man who was harsher on himself than history will be. All in all he shined as bright as the bastard son of Tewdrig the Noble ever could, living forever in the shadow of his cousin's... His grandson Sulien II, son of King Tewdrig of Alban, will be made Lord of Wales. He is a shy and reclusive man never known to take direct leadership roles, perhaps this will change with his promotion. 
























