1075

18 January

My grandfather Duke Sulien I has died and I have become Duke Sulien II. I had know this day would one day come, but still it all feels so surreal. Growing up I always assumed my father would be Kinged and my rule would not be until I was his age. In truth I feeled robbed of my birthright, Prince of Alban, but I undestand I am still quite young. I have listend to my grandfather's advisors and I have distributed some of my father's lands to my sons and cousins to help maintain control, I have also moved to arrest my Uncle, Baron of Caerphilly. He was always a favorite of my grandfather but felt snubbed by getting only a small castle while his brothers got counties unto themselves. He argued that he ought to be King. I understand this is my duty and I am not afraid. My cousin, the grand marshal, informed me that I could be installed on the Alban throne if I should so desire. I have no such desire but that if it would help maintin the peace between Alban, Wales, and England then it would be worthwhile. King Gospatric seems luke-warm to my ascencion, I do not feel he hates me but I do understand I have large shoes to fill. I will hope the advice of my council is wise.

5 March

In a show of affectin King Gospatric has made me Commander of England and named me Prince Sulien of Alban suggesting he also feels I ought to occupy that throne.

1076

26 September

Smallpox epidemic in Gwent.

21 October

My first daughter was born today.

1077

14 March

Members of my own court are now coming down with Smallpox!

17 July

King Gospatric has died at the old age of 71, some rumors tell that he took his own life but I feel he was simply too old to live. The Dukes have made a surprise and decided against nominating his son and heir Eanhere citing his lack of sanity du to a grave affliction of the Grave Pox and have elected to move the capital to Tintagel in Cornwall and name Aelfsige the Merry as King of the English. Aelfsige is a wise and bookish man and has asked me to continue serving as his Commander. I like this man and have agreed. Tis a shame though, with his election ends a dynasty of over 100 years of England under the Lords of Westminster, and the grand influenece of my Family Morgan over the King. I hope to serve King Aelfsige and hope we will not have any confrontations.

19 September

A bitter sweet day. I learned my cousin, Ceredigion, and grand marshall of our army, the architect of our potentional invasion of Scottland, had been plotting to usurp the Duchy of Deheurbath from me. I had him imprisoned immediately. Upon word of my skill in sniffing out treachery the Merry King Aelfsige has made me his personal spymaster. A wonderful honor and a role I always felt best suited for.

5 November

I have begun to personally oversee the armies. My counselors have quite convinced me that my brother has no right to sit on Alban's throne and that I alone ought to occupy both seats, as my father had desired. I will not fall to the temptations of the highlanders, I will do my duty to my people. I will lead our war into Scottland.

27 November


I have made a fatal error. Alban let slip to the English King I had planned to sieze the throne so England said my cousin would be better suited. I then had that cousin excuted on the spot. Everyone knows what I've done. I must move swiftly to crush Alban and bring him into my prison as well. He will pay for his actions...

1078

12 February

People think of me as a tyrant, or a butcher...They don't understand!

15 March

All out war has broken out across the British Isles as my invasion of Scottland was named illegal and Kin Aelfsige has tried to revoke lands from both myself and Prince Eanhere. We have raised our flags in rebellion. Now will be decided the fate of England.

22 April

Already "King" Aelfsige has been captured and the war is over.

20 May

A treaty has been singed between myself, Prince Eanhere and Aelfsige. He will be allowed to live in exchange he must abdicate to his son and Vassals must be given more rights. He has no choice but to agree. So we now return north to our war with Scottland.

1079

5 September

Irish allies have been called in to fight our grand army. They are no match..
 
1080

6 July

We have raided their castle and though I have captured all his family, King Alban my younger brother eludes me still..

10 December

Early this morning during a bloody battle in the lands of Argyll My brother was defeated and captured. I had his entire army, then his family beheaded infront of him allowing him to beg for mercy. Finaly I had his head taken off and we march home to Castle Cardiff. Many have called this act Butchery...I call it revenge for spoiling the grand plan of our family going back generations.

1081

5 February

After returning home I can tell that most everyone is disgusted with what I've done. I spent years hunting my brother only to be denied the crown by King Sexbald.

15 February

In an effort to consolodate my rule I have married the daughter of Dyfed, who I had killed. She is only one year old, but since I had my wife executed I am free to marry as I like.

1082

17 March

England takes River duero city Valladolid.

28 October

King Saexbald has won a great victory over the Muslims near Zamora.

1083

11 September

For two years in a row King Saexbald has won victory after victory driving the muslims back. He is now known as King Saexbald the Proud.

1084

14 February

I have siezed King Saexbald the proud's return to demand my Independance. I expect him to deny this request and I have begun marching with 5000 proud to his castle in Cornwall.

27 March

For crimes against humanity I have been excomunicated.

26 September

We have taken Cornwall but King Saexbald has besieged Mathrafal. I will rush a small detachement north to break the siege.

1085

17 September

We fought a well thought out campaign, thanks to my skilled command staff. We occupied Cornwall and sent a detachment south to Dax to secure our holdings on the continent. Next we defeated the English in a series of battles and ultimetly King Saexbald surrendered to me. Many hate me but I have freed our people and I can unite us with the Scottish I just know it... My heart yearns to return north perhaps next summer.

1088

12 June

The pope has agreed to lift my excomunication if I should take a vox of celabacy. I agreed.


